website/docs: clarify Kubernetes JWT machine auth (#21650)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/providers/oauth2/machine_to_machine.mdx

Input JWTs are checked to verify that they are signed by any of the selected _Federated OIDC Sources_, and that their `exp` attribute is not set as now or in the past.

#### Kubernetes service account tokens

> [Projected Kubernetes service account tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) work with this flow. The cluster or an auxiliary service must expose the service account issuer through OpenID Connect discovery or a JWKS endpoint. In practice, that means you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Projected Kubernetes service account tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) work with this flow. The cluster or an auxiliary service must expose the service account issuer through OpenID Connect discovery or a JWKS endpoint. In practice, this means you can:
```

1. Create a generic **OAuth Source** in authentik.
2. Configure the source with either the issuer's `.well-known/openid-configuration` URL or the issuer's JWKS URL.
3. Add that source to the OAuth2 provider under **Federated OIDC Sources**.
4. Send the projected service account token as the `client_assertion` in the `client_credentials` request.

When the token validates, authentik creates or updates a generated service account and then issues a new access token from the selected OAuth2 provider. The generated account is derived from the provider name and the incoming JWT subject claim.

> If you want to carry claims from the Kubernetes token into the token authentik issues, use an **OAuth Source Property Mapping** to copy values from the incoming JWT onto the generated service account, and then use an OAuth2 **Scope Mapping** to emit those values as claims for the relying party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To propagate claims from the Kubernetes token into the token issued by authentik, create an **OAuth Source Property Mapping** to transfer the incoming JWT values to the generated service account, then use an **OAuth2 Scope Mapping** to include them as claims for the relying party.
```

> Input JWTs are checked to verify that they are signed by any of the selected **Federated OIDC Sources**, and that their `exp` attribute is not set to the current time or a past time.

Reviewer 2: The setup and verification of the `aud`ience is important, too.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#launch-a-pod-using-service-account-token-projection

#### Kubernetes service account tokens

> [Projected Kubernetes service account tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/) work with this flow. The cluster or an auxiliary service must expose the service account issuer through OpenID Connect discovery or a JWKS endpoint. In practice, this means you can:

Reviewer 2: > The cluster or an auxiliary service must expose

so the service account issuer must be on a FQDN reachable by Authentik.

If the Kubernetes API is not exposed this can be static files on any web server. (making key rotation a bit more work)

It can also be an auxiliary service reachable from all relying parties. e.g. https://github.com/gawsoftpl/k8s-apiserver-oidc-reverse-proxy

If you host many clusters as a service you can host one big multi-tenant proxy for all clusters, too. (this is how it is done by AWS)
